gh-76763: Make chr() always raising ValueError for out-of-range values (#114882)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Core and Builtins/2024-02-01-23-43-49.gh-issue-76763.o_2J6i.rst

The :func:`chr` builtin function now always raises :exc:`ValueError` for

> values out of the valid range. Previously it raised :exc:`OverflowError` for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
values outside the valid range. Previously it raised :exc:`OverflowError` for
```
